hey this is exciting news for hardcore
Star Wars fans the jacket that Harrison
Ford wore in the Empire Strikes Spike
back the Han Solo's jacket is being put
up on the auction block this fall and
it's expected to go for an estimated 1.3
million dollars I don't know how they
estimate this stuff but that's the
jacket and just think of the thrill you
again from owning this jacket you could
say to your guests this is Han Solo's
jacket and they'll say cool you know
really it was that would be an amazing
hey everybody
[Applause]
[Music]
laughter what's up what's going on well
I couldn't help overhear your talking
about how much Han Solo's jackets gonna
sell yeah oh my gosh and it's incredible
how much they said 1.3 million dollars
more than that it's a lot believable but
hey I've got a special offer for one
night and one night only I'm prepared to
offer your audience a pair of Luke
Skywalker's capri pants
[Applause]
Wow my gosh we are real nice of him how
much he asking for them well I think
there you go for a hundred thousand I do
accept paypal and demo you know the
thing is that not that that doesn't seem
like a great deal but I think the reason
that the Han Solo jacket is so valuable
is because he worn in the Empire Strikes
Back Awards a movie prop what are you
talking about I wore those in Empire
Strikes Back I don't remember that well
perhaps this will refresh your memory
oh I gotta tell you I remember that
scene I don't remember yeah I used to
call in my Luke hi waters oh okay Fanny
sometimes I call my Padawan pedal pusher
yeah I did like that one that was well
done and so this was in these are actual
movie yeah not only that but I also warm
in Return of the Jedi you did this
travel up you were there I don't
remember that oh I love the feeling of
that cool breeze on my ankles when I was
fighting when I was fighting dad Vader
yeah how much you want for these well I
thought hundred thousand yeah Wow come
on now let's start the bidding hundred
thousand
see they're busy but I don't think these
girls have $100,000 I think the price is
a little bit steep you think that's a
little price yes I do
yeah okay well how about 50,000 and I'll
throw in a Chewbacca hair ball all right
let's get you up yeah no one here has
that kind of money to spend on a pair of
pants or and I hear a bunch of losers
well maybe I should go hit up dr. Phil's
audience yeah maybe that's probably a
better right now all right all right
beam me up Scotty yeah that's from Star
Trek that's not a thing for you Oh
whatever you nerd all right time to get
the bread thank you mark mark
[Applause]
you never know who might walk in this is
what happens when you hear Moe's out
with watermelons people will just walk
in here hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am NOT
allowed to eat this cookie until you
click the subscribe button so please
click now I'm hungry